Type: P
 Title: Michelson-Morely experiment(optional) 
1) How is the Michelson-Morely experiment related to Albert Einstein's theory of relativity? 

a) In 1887, Albert Michelson and Edward Morely carried out experiments to detect the change in speed of light due to ether wind when the Earth moved around the sun. The result was negative. They found the speed of light is always the same regardless of Earth's motion around the sun. Scientists were puzzled with this negative result, and they didn't know how to explain it. Albert Einstein came up with the answer in his famous second postulate in theory of relativity: that the speed of light (in vacuum) is always constant and absolute, regardless of its source's motion and observer's movement.


Type: MR
2) Which of the following individuals are credited with determining the exact speed of light?
 @ Albert Michelson and Edward Williams Morley collaborated on a series of experiments that eventually led to the exact determination of the speed of light.
 a. Albert Einstein 
b. Albert Michelson
 @ Yes. Albert Michelson is one of the two persons credited with determining the exact speed of light.
 c. Thomas Edison
d. Edward Williams Morley


Type: S 
Title: Who invented television?
 3. Who is known as the "father of television"? 
a. Zworykin 
b. Vladimir Zworykin
 c. Vladimir Kosma Zworykin


Type: MC
4) Which is a valid keyword in java? 
a. interface 
@ Yes. Used to define abstract methods that needs to be implemented. 
b. string 
@ No. Its a pre defined class. 
c. Float 
@ No. Keyword is float with smaller case. 
d. unsigned
 @ No. No such keyword.


Type: MC
5. Who is known as the "father of television"?
 a. Zworykin
b. Vladimir Zworykin
c. Vladimir Kosma Zworykin
d. Guglielmo Marconi


Type: TF
6) Albert Michelson determined the exact speed of light?


Type: MT 
Title: Scientific discoveries
 7) Match the correct name to the discovery or theory.
 a. Michelson-Morely = Speed of light 
b. Einstein = Theory of Relativity 
c. Marconi = radio waves


Type: TF
8) Albert Michelson determined the exact speed of light?


Type: TF
9) Albert Michelson determined the exact speed of light?


Type: TF
10) Was King Tut was one of the longest-reigning kings of ancient Egypt?



Answers:


2. B, D

4. A

5. A

6. T

8. T

9. T

10. F